Document dynamic topic names (#787)
smallrye/smallrye-reactive-messaging: documentation/src/main/doc/modules/amqp/pages/outbound.adoc

include::example$outbound/AmqpOutboundMetadataExample.java[tag=code]
----

=== Dynamic topic names

> Sometimes it is desirable to dynamically select the destination of a message, in this case you should not configure the name of the topic inside your application configuration file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is desirable to select the destination of a message dynamically.
In this case, you should not configure the address inside your application configuration file, but instead, use the outbound metadata to set the address.```

> but instead use the outbound metadata to set the name of the topic.

Reviewer: To be removed, part of my suggestion above.

> For example, you can route to a dynamic topic based on the incoming message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can send to a dynamic address based on the incoming message:
```
